I've been sinking
ever since that day.
So dark.
So cold.
No one around.
No light.
nothing.
Deeper and deeper.
down...
I've been sinking.
Your alarm's going off!
Hide all the crap on there too!
Get rid of anything
that looks.
Hey! Watch where you're going!
Sorry.
Hey. hey!
Why don't you eat a real meal
once in a while. girl?
Tomorrow's the last day
to do that.
Exactly a year
since Darol appeared on Earth
and yet many things are
beingnunknown of the colossal
creature
including where it came from
in the universe
and why it chose Earth.
The damage extends over a radius
of 20 kilometers.
and many
are still living in shelters
both within and outside
the prefecture...
Damn it!
Just give me one more shot.
Come on. please.
Oh. wait. Hey. Christina!
You'll never win at this rate.
You can't rely
on your instincts alone.
Good morning.
It's a good thing
I woke you. huh?
Not a bad way to wake up.
am I right?
So. Rita. we've decided
to throw a birthday party
for Darol tonight.
Do you wanna come?
They'll be booze.
Wait. what?
I'm pretty sure she's still
too young to drink alcohol.
Oh. come on.
Don't be such a tight ass.
We're all working for the sake
of the entire world.
- So if you feel up to it...
- No.
Hey. is the air pressure
like low today?
My ears are feeling clogged up.
What do you mean? You'll
feel better after a few drinks.
That was embarrassing.
Hilarious.
He looks so nervous up there.
I thought something
was about to happen.
You came all the way from space
just to stand there.
What are you. stupid?
He-- Hello. Christina?
Damn. no signal.
Fascinating. right?
Hey. hey. Yeah.
Hold on.
I'm on my way to work. honey.
My ass is giggly.
It makes me giggly!
- Cut that out!
- Listen up. everyone!
I need maximum efficiency.
Let's finish this thing...
Huh?
Today. something feels...
- One. two. three.
- All done here!
Attention! Sending charges.
Clear the area.
Rita. are you ready?
I'm detonating that thing.
Hello?
Oh..
Rita!
Hey. are you alive?
Are you good?
Damn. girl.
You all right?
You still don't know
how to control it by now.
Hey. hey.
even my five-year-old sister
knows how to say thank you.
What the...
Hey. what are you...
Hold your shield!
Did you not hear me. ginger?
Damn it! Don't ignore me!
Close your goddamn shield now!
Hey. what the hell was that?
Is everyone all right?
Rita. are you OK?
Your alarm's going off!
Hide all the that crap
over there too!
Get rid of anything
that looks!
Was that a dream?
So have you heard
anything from mom?
No.
Well. apparently. dad left her.
Again?
It's awesome!
Hey! Come one.
Watch where you're going!
Sorry.
There's a possibility ofrapid
changes in air pressure...
Hey. hey!
Why don't you eat a real meal
once in a while. girl?
- You always lose.
- It's not over yet...
Are you sure about that?
Oh. damn it!
One more game! Please!
Think further ahead.
Why?
You won't win if you just...
Good morning.
It's a good thing I woke you.
huh?
Why?
Not a bad way to wake up.
am I right?
So. Rita. we've decided
to throw a birthday party
for Darol tonight...
Something's off.
Bart. I love you.
Yeah. I'm on my way to work now.
If my ass is jiggly
it makes me giggly.
If everything's really the same.
then soon I'll...
What are you doing?
Let her go.
she's useless anyway.
I'm sorry. Christina?
They will. too.
I knew it!
It's repeating.
We need to leave
or we'll be killed.
What?
Everyone. listen!
Um...
I've already had it
today once...
No. twice and...
Uh...
So this is the third time...
Huh? What did you say?
Later today. these huge monsters
will come out of Darol
and they'll kill us all!
Seriously?
Uh...
So we have to hurry up and...
Is she for real?
What are you. drunk?
I'm telling the truth!
I don't know what's going on.
either. but...
This is my third time!
What?
You must be really tired.
Take the day off.
It's no use
talking to those idiots.
Pit 4 was completed.
Ten minutes left
until caliper installation.
Where Team 4's system engineer?
You know that guy
who always laughs?
Yeah. He took the day off.
said he had a stomachache
or something.
Ten minutes left
until caliper installation.
Every single thing we do...
Damn it.
that's not what we rehearsed.
Why'd you mess
with the question...
You have to call
off work today.
- Huh?
- Uh...
Something's wrong with Darol.
it's dangerous.
We shouldn't be working.
Wrong like how?
Wrong like... I can't just tell.
That... I don't know.
Darol. it's a fruit so just...
bursts in the monsters in them!
Hey. take her to the doctor.
No. wait!
Get out of here if you don't
wanna work. little girl.
I don't have time
for your bullshit.
- Hey. wait! No. you...
- Come with us.
- Come on.
- Asshole!
Fine. just die. then!
Get off me!
Hello. police.
Hi. I'm one
of the volunteer staff.
Um... Darol...
Something bad's gonna happen!
A lot of people
are gonna be killed.
Can you please send help?
Oh. could you give me
any more details?
I just talked...
Look. send the troops.
or the Self-Defense Forces.
I don't know.
they're really vicious...
OK. we'll send an officer
to take a look of the situation.
Please tell me your name.
Hey. hello? You there?
What? Why? There's no signal...
Oh. no!
Your alarm's going off!
Shut up!
- Hey. man.
- Hey. what's up.
What's up?
- I get it now.
- You can't do that.
Time reverts to morning
when I die.
I get it.
but I don't get it at all.
Move it!
I have to get away.
I have to.
This should be far enough away.
right?
I have to get home early today.
What's that?
Are you alright?
Something's coming!
Enough already...
Look!
What are they?
Please. make it stop.
If I kill myself...
this might finally end.
Come here!
I've been sinking
ever since that day.
So dark. So cold.
A world with no sound.
No... No...
No!
This is hell.
The same thing. over and over.
Just like it was before.
Hey. hey... whoa!
Oh. damn it!
One more game! Please!
Try to think further ahead.
You'll never win at this rate.
you can't rely
on your instincts alone.
I know what will happen.
Good morning.
Good thing I woke...
For the record.
I was already awake. okay?
I had some crazy dream
last night.
What? Huh?
I know but I miss you...
- It's been like--
- That call...
Huh?
It's gonna drop right now.
Huh? Are you still there?
Christina?
Only I...
know what will happen.
What? I'm not dead.
Yonabaru. behind you!
Huh?
Hurry. this way!
What the hell is going on?
Things can change
depending on what I do.
Why don't you eat a real meal
once in a while. girl?
That thing's
been preparing this whole time
pretending to be quiet
and innocent.
It's already killed me
seven times now.
But I can always come back
to life.
It's just like a video game.
If I'm gonna die anyway.
I'm taking you with me. asshole.
It's too close by.
Behind them... One. two...
But first...
I have to be able
to move the way they do.
Shit.
I have to learn
how to use the Jacket.
Where Team 4's system engineer?
You know that guy
who always laughs?
He took the day off.
said he had a stomachache.
Hey. look.
What is she doing over there?
Was she always that agile?
...with the full cooperation
of 4U Pharmaceuticals.
we will bring you
a special feature presentation
on the front line
of Darol research.
The true identity
of the unknown creature.
We heard from workers
who are clearing
are working day after day.
to remove the.
And also.
we did a rare interview
with the research team.
Watch until the end.
Now let's talk
about the supervisor.
Every single thing we do...
What's wrong?
So like... When you shift
to our center of gravity...
Oh. yeah.
That's great to hear. Now. it's
time to head on over to the...
Huh?
Rita?
Next is offense.
Don't be scared.
Because death...
Is on my side.
There's a possibility
of rapid changes
in atmosphere's pressure...
I need a better weapon.
Ten minutes left
until caliper installation.
Shit!
But I wasn't killed.
What?
Oh. this is huge.
Forced update starts.
In progress.
Forced update complete.
It happened again.
Jump forward now!
Get out of here!
Thank you. Rita!
Your alarm's going off!
Hide all the crap
over there too!
Get rid of anything
that look.
I know.
Seriously?
You're in the way.
Yeah. What?
Really? Oh!
It's easy to smile
and laugh like that
when you don't know anything.
You can't rely
on your instincts alone.
It's meaningless!
Everything's meaningless!
You're all gonna forget
everything anyway.
Rita. what's wrong with you?
Hey. let's just leave her alone.
Rather not to get involved.
I feel like an idiot.
In the end nothing changed.
Oh. right. they were detected
in Darol.
How many times is it now?
- Hey. man.
- Hey. what's up.
Ten minutes left
until caliper installation.
I was right. it's a work drone.
- Why then...?
- Ten minutes left
until caliper installation.
He wasn't there before.
What's he doing with my jacket?
Hey.
Where are you...
Stop! Come back here!
Hey!
Sorry!
Huh?
Who are you and why did you run?
Uh. sorry. I don't know.
you looked kind of scary.
So. what's up with the drone?
You perverted stalker!
What do you want?
- Why are you watching me?
- Ow...
And why are you acting
differently from everyone else?
Acting differently?
I don't know what you mean...
Hey. Drop the act.
Tell me everything you know.
It's...
My 92nd time. too.
I've also been repeating today.
I actually meant
to tell you soon...
Sorry...
Are you all right?
Stop it.
Uh... Yes!
Roger that.
Uh. isn't this place nice?
I come up here sometimes
to slack off...
Why do you always laugh?
Sorry.
We should at least talk about
what to do next. right?
Why would I wanna talk
with a voyeur like you?
What? A voyeur? Sorry.
Tell me what you know already!
Okay. okay.
Just don't be so angry.
I'm not angry!
There!
OK. OK.
Every time you die.
I return to morning like you.
What?
Yeah. but I still have
no idea why.
I actually died twice too.
That means...
Every time you or I die.
it will send for both of us.
Seems that way. huh?
It's a mystery. isn't it?
Tell me...
What did you try to do first?
Oh. well...
When it happened...
I tried to drive away
as quick as possible.
So you were exposed
to that light too?
Hide all the crap over there!
Huh? You were there. too?
That was the day when
everything started to repeat.
Yeah.
And then...
These huge monsters
will come out of Darol.
they'll kill us all!
What are you. drunk?
I swear I'm telling the truth!
I don't know
what's going on. either.
but this is my third time!
Third time? That's just like...
Okay. Then what?
I kept running away.
But they always caught up
with me. so...
I stayed in my room.
looking into things on my own.
trying to figure this out.
Oh. that's why
you were using that drone.
Well. have you figured
anything out?
Yeah. not really. Sorry.
Nothing has changed
after all.
Hmm?
Did you say something?
But. oh. well...
Hey. did you say something?
It's none of your business.
Whoa. sorry?
Where are you going?
Wait for me!
This is how
I've been watching you fight.
Don't you mean creeping?
No. I was looking
for a solution.
trying to find a way for us
to escape this cycle.
Escape it?
Wait. really? Is that possible?
Well. no. I'm not sure yet...
There is one thing
you should know though.
One of them is different
from the others.
It has the same body.
temperature. color and build
but its frequency is different.
It could be
the very first one
that we accidentally killed.
Huh?
Because when you think
back on it.
it was the only one
that went boom...
- In a minute that...
- Red light.
Right! That's why
I thought if we killed it again
then something might change.
If there's even a one percent
chance it could work.
we have to give it a shot!
All set on this end.
Wait. why aren't you here?
Well. because I'm weak
.
so my job is finding it
from here and guiding you.
Like a commander.
Which one? Where's that bastard?
Uh...
There. It's there!
From your perspective...
uh... 10 o'clock!
Oh. sorry. two! Two o'clock!
- Where? Where is it?
- Wait. hold on a sec!
My what?
What now? Where is it?
It's not here.
That's strange. what?
Huh. there! I see it!
Tell me where!
It's in front of you!
It in the air. your rear!
Which one?
Some commander you are!
I'm sorry. I swear
I'll do better next time.
Do better?
Your only job is blabbering away
in hiding.
Forget it.
I'll just find it by myself
and kill it without you.
Well. I guess pairing up with me
is a bit of a disadvantage.
Yeah. I guess so.
It was you.
Oh...
You watched me fight.
and then you updated my Jacket.
Well. yeah.
Because you're my hero.
Now you know
I wasn't stalking you. right?
We could finally set
that record straight.
I've never seen you laugh
till now!
I like your smile.
Thank you for that.
Oh. sorry. it's kinda late.
but I'm Keiji.
You didn't know my name.
did you?
- My name is...
- Rita. right?
Mmm.
I'm gonna fight. too!
Alright. now. let's get out
of this time loop together!
Here. jump three seconds later.
Then two will come
from the right.
Move just like
in the simulation.
I programmed it all
in my Jacket.
don't worry. I can do it.
Jump to your right!
Hey!
I did it!
You always eat that.
It's not good for you.
You're one to talk.
Huh?
You're awake.
What are you doing?
I wanted to make a few upgrades
before our next battle.
Hey. watch out.
you better back off!
Target has been spotted!
- They're talking to me.
- It's fun. huh?
Searching. Searching.
Come on.
hurry up and find it now!
Beep beep. Refrain
from unnecessary conversation.
You shut up! Stop looking down
on me. So rude!
Hey. cut it out already.
you two.
What. you dimwit!
Huh? Who do you think
let you talk...
Keiji. Refrain from
unnecessary conversation too.
What are you guys doing?
Target has been spotted!
Go. go. go!
It's going that way! Stop it!
I know! I see it!
You...
Shit!
You know. we need
to get more people on our side.
Hey. do you think
you can display its frequency
on our shields?
Yeah. I'll get right on it.
OK. let's go.
Hey! Wait a sec!
Look! I'm eating
all vegetables now.
So?
This is good!
Keiji!
Rita. it's OK.
let's just do it again.
Got you!
You bastard!
We're so close!
Rita!
It's over.
We can break out of the loop.
What's happening?
Hide all that crap
over there too!
Get rid of anything
that looks!
Rita. I'm coming in!
Let's talk about the toxic gas
that was initially released.
Is it all taken care of?
- Uh. yes. Now it is...
- Well. that's reassuring.
Oh. hey!
Have you seen Rita?
Rita? No.
She's probably still asleep.
But who are you?
What do you want with Rita?
Uh. well.
I'm just looking for her...
I see. well.
she'll be here eventually.
Didn't you wake her up
this morning?
Yep.
You really care about that kid.
don't you?
Fascinating. right?
Rita has been spotted.
Rita! Rita!
Please come back at once!
Hello. are you listening?
Well. nothing changed. huh?
What a bummer.
But I have another idea.
There's this person
studying Darol.
and. and she might
be able to help--
Do you think
we'll be trapped
like this forever?
There you go again.
exaggerating.
I mean.
things will work out somehow.
You know.
you're the one who suggested
we try to escape from this loop.
But now...
we know that wasn't the one
sending us back in time. so...
There's no point in any this!
Nothing is ever gonna change
anyway!
Uh...
Hey. wait!
Rita. we can't give up now!
What?
You're trying to lecture me?
You! You're a coward. you always
laugh things off and run away
when everything gets hard.
You're really selfish.
aren't you?
Just forget it.
You see? Just like that.
You lose your temper
for no reason
and shut me out
when things don't go your way.
withdrawing into your own world.
Oh. sorry...
What? You think
I don't already know that?
Rita. let's go to the Darol
research facility!
We might be able to learn
something new!
Detected! Detected!
I will guide you to the Darol
research facility.
What an idiot.
Huh. sorry.
Sorry. I'm sorry.
We are trespassing for real...
Huh?
Wow. so this is Darol's root.
Hey. hold on.
what are you doing down here?
Uh. well.
it's extremely important
that we speak to Shasta...
Absolutely no.
You need to leave!
What?
Wait! Why is Darol reacting
like that all of a sudden?
What the heck is happening here?
Who the heck are you two?
So much weird stuff
happening today.
But why are you standing
so far apart?
Um...
About those quartz spores...
It's possible that we've been
exposed to those spores before.
What did you say?
We've repeated today
165 times now.
Hey now.
they're not going to believe us
if you say it like that.
- Are you serious?
- What?
No way. no way. no way!
The amount of quartz spores
this morning
was absolutely remarkable!
We measure the value submitted
every single day.
Where is it? Oh. here!
Which means yesterday and today
165 days were to spores!
So basically.
you're looking for a way
to escape the time loop
you're both currently stuck in.
I guess killing the first one
didn't work. huh?
Oh. wait.
so are the emitted quartz spores
being transported
to a different timeline?
I don't get it.
What's Darol's purpose. anyway?
Why did it come from earth?
Well.
to put it unscientifically.
it's here
to take over the planet.
Take over?
Yes. Quartz spores. that's what
we call them the mysterious
light particles
we've been detecting in Darol.
We actually found a high levels
of quartz spores
inside your brains.
Look. This is Darol.
Wait. I've seen that.
Geometrically speaking.
it's called a triangulum.
The two of you are on the verge
of emerging with Darol
to become a single life form.
In short. if you keep
repeating time like this.
Darol will eventually take over
your bodies.
The strongest one
will be taken over first.
I can't say for sure.
but twice...
No.
once more might be the limit.
Once more?
We'll just have to kill it then.
If it's really trying
to take over our planet.
well then. we have
no other choice but to kill it.
Your alarm's going off!
Hide all that crap
over there too!
Get rid of everything
that looks.
This is my last chance.
Darol has sustained
life by absorbing things
that are stronger than itself.
That's why
it wants to absorb you two
because you have immense power.
However. it can't absorb you
both at the same time.
Morning. Rita.
Good morning.
Ladies and gentlemen.
I selected a copy yet
sentimental number
for your trip.
Come on. Keiji. get a move on.
Hey. cut that out.
OK. OK. let's get going.
Yes! I'm sitting next to Rita!
Whether or not
this will be Earth's last day
is up to you two.
The inside of that
crater is a complete mess.
The oxygen levels. gravity.
electromagnetic waves...
Everything
is all over that place.
So nobody has been able
to get close until now.
But you're assimilating
with Darol.
you should be able to.
It's so quiet.
Maybe it's an invitation.
luring us in.
Huh?
Wow.
I never noticed.
Hmm?
Today was such a beautiful day.
Mmm.
Uh. I was wondering something
by the way...
What's that CD
you were always listening to?
It's actually an old song
called "Alias."
Oh. I like that song. too!
It's such a vibe. right?
It's addicting.
Yeah. I get it.
I used to listen to it while
stargazing with my telescope.
What?
You're in to that sort of thing?
Mmm. I'm really only interested
in video games and stars.
Oh. OK. so you're like...
I'm like what?
Nothing. It's just...
Did you freak
out to speak or something?
I said it's nothing.
You're still doing it.
OK. we should still have
plenty of time.
Keiji. you don't laugh
things off anymore.
Uh...
- Sorry.
- Huh?
I've said some awful things
to you. I'm sorry.
Me too. Sorry.
I mean. it wasn't horrible.
Everything you've said about me
is accurate.
Oh.
My whole life...
Whoa. what's this?
Give it back!
Run! We'll catch his stupidity!
What's that dumb look
on your face?
That's hilarious!
Just laugh.
Just laugh
and things will be OK.
I didn't know any other ways
to protect myself.
My laughing.
It's how I cope with things
when life got hard.
But now.
I finally have some courage.
thanks to you.
What?
You're never afraid
of being alone.
You don't suck up to anyone.
You're just yourself.
You're completely open.
You're strong.
and so cool.
You're my superhero.
No. That's not true.
Huh?
It's all my fault. All of it.
Just because I was born...
Rita! Rita! I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry. okay?
I really regret doing that!
It's the truth. Please. Rita!
Wait. Rita!
You couldn't even
finish the job.
You should have killed me
back then!
I kept sinking...
"I wish tomorrow
would never come."
I couldn't stop thinking
stuff like that.
Hoping for something
to happen...
A meteor strike. anything.
Just something.
And then it really did.
But it was no use.
I always hoped
that if the world changed.
then I might be able
to change too.
but in the end.
I didn't change at all.
Nothing did.
Even so...
As I repeated today
over and over with you.
I thought maybe I could change.
I've been living in a bubble.
only thinking about myself.
Nothing is meaningless.
If I change.
the world will change.
Because I'm... I'm the one
that creates tomorrow.
You see that now.
And it's all thanks to you.
What?
Anomaly detected!
- Whoa!
- Out of control!
Keiji! Rita!
Ow...
There it is.
- Rita. let's hurry.
- Yeah.
Something is wrong.
we should still have time!
- Keiji!
- Don't!
Just keep going!
If I kill this.
then everything will...
Rita!
Open your eyes. Rita!
Keiji...
Sorry.
I couldn't do it after all.
It's not over. Not yet.
Everyone...
Everything will be destroyed.
No. I have an idea.
What?
You go live tomorrow. Rita.
Hold on. What are you saying?
What about you?
No. stop! Keiji!
Keiji!
I'm the strongest one
out of the two of us!
I can prove it!
I'll be the one
to assimilate with Darol!
Rita...
You have to kill me now!
Keiji. please.
I could never do that!
We have to move on
to tomorrow together!
Keiji. stop this!
Keiji!
We have to live...
this one life we have...
We will get through this.
And we'll do it together.
Got that?
My Jacket's moving on its own...
Wait. no!
Keiji.
Thank you. Rita.
Whoa...
Yeah? OK. Then
I'll officially announce it.
Everyone. exactly one year
after it showed up
Darol is perishing
right before our eyes.
Amazing. huh?
It makes no sense. it's crazy!
We can go home now! Woo-hoo!
Hilarious.
Because
it's extremely dangerous.
Let's celebrate!
- I have good booze.
- Wait. what?
Hey. hey! This is awesome!
...more than one
lifetime to study Darol.
So I guess...
he died with Darol.
Uh...
Keiji.
Oh. excuse me.
Huh? Hold on. Keiji!
Huh? Wait. my name?
How do you...
Oh. no.
Uh. well...
What's going on with Darol?
That was sudden. right?
Huh? The heck? Wait. why?
Let's go together...
to tomorrow.